🔧 (INT-2222, INT-2183, INT-1001, INT-2347)Update TPB Documentation (#1872)
LivePersonInc/developer-center: pages/Documents/ConversationalAI/Third-PartyBots/MicrosoftDirectLine/advanced-features.md

The results can be seen in a demo below:

<img class="fancyimage" style="width:300px" src="img/microsoftbotframework/microsoft_richcontent_demo.gif">

### Receiving Last consumer message (Messaging Only)

> Third-Party bot now provides a way to add the last consumer message as a part of [the welcome event](third-party-bots-microsoft-direct-line-basic-content.html#the-welcome-event). When an ongoing conversation gets transferred to a new Agent or Skill, This enhancement will allow brands to respond to the last consumer message uttered as per their needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an ongoing conversation gets transferred to a bot connected via the Third-Party Bot connector, the connector forwards the last consumer message to the AI vendor as part of the [the welcome event](third-party-bots-amazon-lex-basic-content.html#the-welcome-event).
This allows the bot to react to the last consumer message instead of instantiating a new conversation.
```
